Divorce, together 11 years with 2 kids ages 4 and 2. Wife blamed me for her unhappiness, cheated on me
A huge fight with my partner that has taken place twice in the same month regarding a routine for our blended family. I feel as if he makes a commitment to do something and doesn't follow through with his word. 
Dealing with a lot of depression and anxiety. I am currently pregnant, Due in May, and I have a son that is almost 2. Lots of stress from work, I'm an RN. Having a lot of negative feelings and emotions. I have quite a bit of baggage from childhood I am trying to sort so I don't project that on my kids as they grow up. Trying to keep relationships with my parents so my kids have grandparents, but also trying to forgive them for trauma they caused me growing up.

Emotional stress from mother on hospice and close to passing

Finding a way to learn to communicate and live with my partner’s child who has mental illness. Working on my anger and frustration

At the beginning of this year a woman was shot & killed against my vehicle which was impounded as evidence, as a result I was thought to be dead & pronounced shot & killed. Which was very traumatic. Then my father (step-dad) died in February & I was the one to manage everything from his death to the attorneys with POA, last will & trust & still handling his funeral process.My father had asked me to take care of the house, the bills & my mother; now I understand what he meant, they have been hoarders. I’m now focused on cleaning out the house.As a result I’m extremely stressed out and emotionally exhausted. I have no sense of feeling for my own life & feeling an array of emotions at any given moment.
I am having trouble coping with the COVID surge, Performing my role and being pulled to patient care. I am drinking a lot. I feel frustrated, tired, and like there is no solution
Divorce, separation, selling my house, moving in with roommates, never living without a partner before, having my first real girlfriend, and exploring my sexuality, really discovering how to live in the moment and not in my feelings, I want to think more about my actions, I no longer wanna react, I want to act with purpose, I really just wanna make some serious steps to healthier more balanced well managed life.

At work, I was hired to work in NICU. It has been 6 years since my hired they started training once and it was stopped. Recently we started again and my boss tried to pull me out again (I am currently continuing). My co workers are hard to work with and I feel like I cannot mess up or show weakness. If and when I do, I lose that little ground I had. I am worried that they will stop my NICU training which is what I’ve wanted to do since high school. I also don’t know how to handle the stress of working in a toxic environment without snapping. I had a hard time coping last time my training stopped. This time I have been having crying episodes and anxiety attacks.

Come to terms/understand or just cope with end of marriage
To learn about myself and have tools to solve problems within my relationships and better handle situations. I want to be the best mother for our children and family without doubt or guilt. 
Not sure exactly. To have someone to talk to that isn't someone I know. I feel like I overshare with friends and that can make them uncomfortable. Just sort out some of these negative feelings I have about myself
Alleviate the stresses of worrying about if I need to work or take care of my own family while away taking care of my mother

To find clarity on what I should do and how to act with this child, how not let it effect my mental health

To get my life back & be in a better state of mind. Process through the grief, the shock of it all and have little to no stress. Calm my mind & body in-order to recover so I can go back to work & get back to my passion of taking care of patients.
Feeling good about me and being able to communicate normally
Just to try to do everything above better with more control

Learn coping techniques. Stress/anxiety relief.

Two AA degrees
Some college 
RN, for 6 years. I work in Neurology
Cardiac ICU RN
Bachelors
MSOM & Pursuing my doctorate
Masters degree Public Administration
Associates, HEALTH INFO TECH, CPC, general education, technical training.
Doctorate of physical therapy.

15 years of active military which I compartmentalized a lot of emotions due to work environment. I have been better at sharing/tapping into my emotions

I either feel like being alone or I feel like screaming. My heart rate was the highest it’s ever been & my bilirubin was high recently. One of this is normal for me.

All women on mom's side Depression, Sister and Mom attempted suicide

I really want to learn how to be a good partner to my future primary partner. I really wanna learn better relationship habits romantic and social. I’m not very good at socializing. I struggle with anyone that isn’t really “neurotypical” as we discussed. It’s hard. I also struggle paying attention. Texting is easier for me than real life but I love being around people so much, I’m so lonely and alone all the time now… I’m really working on building a support system and social circle. I’m just reevaluating everything in my life, picking it up, looking at it, analyzing it, and thinking about whether or not I want to continue to keep doing that. I wanna learn how to exist in the real world and in the LGBTQIA’s community. I wanna figure out my future steps I want to take towards where I am at physically in a year and figure out a game plan to make it possible. I know this is a lot. I’m a work in progress, always. I’m always working on continuing and moving forward. My mantras are, keep moving forward. Live in the now, not the past. Two way streets. Symbiotic relationships. And just to always be sort of be progressing at least in one area of my life at a time. And working on trying to give self care and just the time to figure things out.

